[docs] Add billing docs (#27844)
expo/expo: docs/pages/billing/invoices-and-receipts.mdx

  alt="Receipts page in the Expo dashboard."
  src="/static/images/billing/receipts-04.png"
/>

- Fill the **Request a refund** form with details for the refund and click **Continue**:

<ImageSpotlight
  alt="Download invoice shown in the Stripe dashboard."
  src="/static/images/billing/receipts-05.png"
  style={{ maxWidth: 320 }}
/>

- Our billing team receives and reviews refund requests. Once a refund is approved, the amount is credited to your payment method. Refunds typically take 5 to 10 business days to fully process.

## Read an invoice

An invoice contains your legally registered business name, address, tax ID, invoice number, due date, and more. It also includes a description of any charges and the total amount due. In a typical invoice, the charges are divided into:

- Current plan's subscription amount (if subscribed to a plan)
- Any overage charges (if applicable)
- A plan's credit limit

Let's consider three different examples to understand how your invoice might look. If you subscribe to a [Production](/billing/plans/#production), [Enterprise](/billing/plans/#enterprise), or [On-demand](/billing/plans/#on-demand) plan, one of these scenarios may apply to you.

> ### Subscription charges

Author: @sundeeppeswani, updated the examples as we discussed over the huddle from example invoice. Can you please take a look at the subsequent sections in the file?

The examples now matches the real-time invoices and the description now convey that message.

In the first example, the invoice table shows a subscription charge for a Production plan:

| Description                                                                                | Quantity | Unit price |     Amount |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------: | ---------: | ---------: |
| _FEB 1 - MAR 1, 2024_                                                                      |          |            |            |
| EAS Build - Build (Android: 5 large and 5 medium builds; iOS: 5 large and 5 medium builds) |        1 |     $40.00 |     $40.00 |

> | EAS Build - Plan credit                                                                    |        1 |    -$99.00 |    -$99.00 |

Reviewer: This should be -$40.00, -$40.00

Author: Nice catch! Updated it!

> **Note**: You can only access the **Receipts** if you have [Owner or Admin access](/accounts/working-together/#manage-access) to your account.

## Receipts

To view your account's payment history, click [**Receipts**](https://expo.dev/settings/receipts) in the navigation menu under **Account settings** or **Organization settings**.

For example, an [Organization account's](/accounts/account-types/#organizations) receipts are shown below:

<ImageSpotlight
  alt="Receipts page in the Expo dashboard."
  src="/static/images/billing/receipts-01.png"
/>

### Download and view an invoice

To download and view an invoice for a billing period, go to **Receipts** and:

- Click the **Date** for the billing period corresponding to the invoice. You will be navigated to a page hosted by Stripe. As an example, the March 22, 2024 invoice below links to this page:

<ImageSpotlight
  alt="Download invoice shown in the Stripe dashboard."
  src="/static/images/billing/receipts-02.png"
  style={{ maxWidth: 380 }}
/>

> - Click **Download invoice**. You will receive a **.pdf** copy of the invoice.

Reviewer: Nit: `you will receive a PDF copy`. We may also want to create an `<abbr>` element, although PDF is generally well-known.

Author: I'll update the instances of ".pdf" to PDF. I don't see the benefit of using <abbr> element here, as we generally use [common abbreviations as per our writing style guide](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#abbreviations) without it.

### Download and view a receipt

To download and view a receipt for a billing period, go to **Receipts** and:

- Click the **Date** for the billing period corresponding to the receipt. You will be navigated to the appropriate receipt hosted by Stripe. As an example, the March 22, 2024 receipt below links to this page:

<ImageSpotlight
  alt="Download receipt shown in the Stripe dashboard."
  src="/static/images/billing/receipts-02.png"
  style={{ maxWidth: 380 }}
/>

> - Click on **Download receipt.** You will receive a **.pdf** copy of the receipt.

Reviewer: Same as above about "PDF"

### Request a refund

You can request a refund directly from the **Receipts** page. The approval process is manual and our team investigates any errors before providing a refund.

To request a refund:

- Next to a receipt, click the a three-dot menu and then click **Request Refund:**

<ImageSpotlight
  alt="Receipts page in the Expo dashboard."
  src="/static/images/billing/receipts-04.png"
/>

- Fill the **Request a refund** form with details for the refund and click **Continue**:

<ImageSpotlight
  alt="Download invoice shown in the Stripe dashboard."
  src="/static/images/billing/receipts-05.png"
  style={{ maxWidth: 320 }}
/>

> - The refund request goes through our vetting process before it is granted. When it is granted, the amount is credited to your account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Our billing team receives and reviews refund requests. Once a refund is approved, the amount is credited to your payment method. Refunds typically take 5-10 business days to fully process.
```
Especially want to clarify "account" (e.g., refunds wouldn't credit to your Expo account)

Author: Thanks for catching this!
